Music.
And they're able to run it for Trey, look at her drive.
Gains are shoots, heads in!
Despite a rear contest from Spencer Dunwoody.
Young, back track, five to two, young.
Let's it go!
And heads!
Whoo!
Ice cold!
11 point advantage, largest lead right now for the Hawks.
Trey's left a long at the corner.
Now it's a 14 point advantage.
Yeah, and you can see Trey's just feeling good.
Those look out against the Admiral.
It's a little crossover.
Young has his shot blocked on the foul on the magic.
Yikes!
59-45.
Trey floats it home and gets it and won.
25 and a good job.
Sometimes if you pop a guy in the mouth, man,
that wakes him up.
Trey will get the contact and the bucket.
Well, that's what you get when, and Brian, you know this.
Trey escapes the double.
Goes back at it.
Still working.
Still fighting.
Get it!
That's a little keep missing shot.
Very young.
Steps back over Williams.
Take that!
Butter!
18 games.
Now, we mentioned a couple of times double pressure.
What a move, by the way.
Body Trey Young, he has now 15.
We mentioned how they got four seconds.
Three.
Trey driving.
And one.
Donovan.
Ten seconds to go.
Atlanta has a timeout where they use it now.
Here's Young and a five.
Butter up and down.
Atlanta takes a one point range.
Trey.
Steps back, connects, believe.
At 12.1.
Trey for three.
Good game.
Shot clock at eight.
Good defense by Horford.
Forcing Young back out on the perimeter.
Sights and crayons gone.
Young in transition.
Little in and out dribble through the foul.
Count it.
Trey Young in one.
Here comes Trey Young.
Trey 11 points in that first half.
Dancing against Bob.
Trey.
Boy, he's working kissboard over.
Come on.
In the east.
Here's Trey Young.
Jumper Good, Stern.
Isolation.
Young.
Step back for three.
Bottoms.
Shooters in the game and possession of the ball.
For Atlanta.
Trey Young, the floater.
The floater.
Got it.
That's got a little pepper to it.
Hacers just led by 7.
62.
55 and Young.
Young, the floater for the lead.
Good job, Chad.
Trey Young once again.
Prudgson had an open three.
Neither guy could connect.
Big time crossover.
And bucket by Young.
Fanny Pollan.
You're in the first half.
He's in the last night for the thunder.
Young trying to shed lead to young.
Young, a step back three over Bancero.
Got it.
That's his first three tonight.
Boy, they went home.
Off's looking for some life.
Here's this game.
Funny I talked to Domossa about his family.
You know, we hear so much about our beat.
Banched has ten points.
Here in this opening quarter, Trey Young.
Man, top shot.
I think 60% of two games on averaging 23 big games.
Trey scores again.
Trey working that dribble.
Trying to stay in front of him.
Back up three.
Good.
Trey Young.
Hello.
Trey with a floater.
It's hard to shoot an air ball right back to the basket.
Trey to the basket.
The third quarter.
Shooter trying to guard Trey Young.
Floater again.
Trey through the double.
Scores it.
Hi, Art.
Botakawa.
It's good ball movement.
Trey will float it and hit it.
Real life that, you know, there's other parts of scoring.
Trey, Banches hits.
Big thing guy.
And what he's doing is going straight to the rack.
Trey drives the reverse.
It's coming custom.
Yeah, he's a left-handed guy, but he's chasing left-handed.
Here you go.
Get to the basket.
Go.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J. J. Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for CHD and I believe he has
a Ph.D. and some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Good morning everybody.
It's 10.15 in the morning, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.
Good to see you, Jeff.
Good to see you, Daniel Pamela in the first three there.
Annie, nice to see you.
And Hittari Mama all the time in the chat.
I will agree with you.
I don't think that Trey is like the best NBA player of all time.
I think Trey is the example of somebody who's absolutely normal doing an NBA level of basketball
with a normal body, a normal gift.
He's not 6'10".
He can't jump out of the gym and he still competes with these giant people, these freaks
of nature.
That's what I like about Trey.
Everybody doubted him.
If he walked into a room you wouldn't even know he was an NBA player and the guy is
a master and it's just wonderful to see human skill at that level, un, un, un, un augmented
by, you know, freakish jeans or something like that because, you know, there are freakish
jeans out there that are, I mean, LeBron James is not a normal biological specimen.
If he was in the room next to me, he might even say that he might be of a different species
like he's gigantic compared to me.
There's a whole different skeleton, a whole different athletic ability, a whole different,
he's got a photographic memory that I don't have for the physical things that he does.
Like he can remember an entire game play by play.
These people are all exceptional and what makes Trey young so exceptional is that he
is minus all of these physical gifts.
I'm sure he's fast.
I'm sure he's faster than me or you.
But the guy is not gifted like so many of these people in the NBA are and he still hangs
with them.
I just find it amazing.
I find him really inspiring.
My son's fired him really inspiring I think because of that same reason.
But there is no question Luca is really cool too.
I really like him a lot.
I love his style.
One of the hidden blessings of the pandemic has been the entry of basketball into my family's
life after many many years of being something that I used to hide within.
Basketball was something that gave me a lot of identity and foundation when I was young.
And so it's been something that since my kids have taken it up my boys it's really
been something that's really lit in a new fire in my life and I want to make gentle the
life of this world.
I want to be able to focus on coaching basketball.
I want other people to focus on art and creating music and all of the things that humans are
really meant to do.
I want to be not to be cowered in our little houses afraid of the future.
I want my kids to look forward to the future and right now I got to be really honest with
you ladies and gentlemen my kids don't look forward to the future and so when I see this
video right here and I think of myself as a father what kind of opportunities do I have
to do this for my children if our if our schools are messed up what opportunities
do I have to do this for my children if our tax and student loan and university systems
are all ruined.
What do I have a chance to do this for my son and for other kids as a teacher if we
don't straighten our priorities out as beautiful as I find that image I feel like this image
is much more important than our children are there at the bottom of that wave our
college kids are at the bottom of that wave and we need to risk our lives to save them
we need to risk our livelihoods to save them we need to risk everything to save them we
need to tell the truth right now about these lies and we tell the truth by staying focused
on the biology not taking the bait on television and social media and loving our neighbor not
fighting with them not arguing with them not taking one side or the other but realizing
that that that act of taking a side is exactly what they want you to do the only side to
take is the side of the peasants the side of the blue collar people that work every day
and that have worked every day and they want to fracture us and the only way to do it is
to share this stream if you can I mean that's not the only way to do it there are lots of
people fighting you just got to find them it's not as many as you think it's not the
ones that have millions of subscribers it's not the ones that have had substacks or books
about one topic you know like the bears or like ivermectin or or the lies my government
told me these are all people that have been put in front of us in order to sustain this
new world order mythology about a gain of function virus that escaped from a laboratory and now
we're facing the consequences of it the paradigm is about to shift ladies and gentlemen as the
as the masses start to wake up drop their own hands from their eyes throw their phone in the
garbage delete some apps and stop sustaining the illusion by participating in it once you
have the knowledge you can engage in non-compliance and that's what giga-home biological is all about
helping to happen united non-compliance by learning the biology this is giga-home
biological 29th of october 2024 so thanks for joining me
that was supposed to be a long cut i apologize are still learning how to do this beginning here
this is giga-home biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by
a biologist and a basketball fan i started the video today a little early i'm going to try and
do that a little early to make sure that i'm ready to go and that i push the button and i got to do
it um even if i'm you know the slides don't quite come out right or something like that 10 10 in
the morning during the week is going to be our new time that we're going to try and hit every day
did i say october i meant april um i don't know what's going on it's it's early and i'm still
finishing my second cup of coffee so maybe there's still some gears that need to get the oil um
anyway i thought i'd start with tre again because of what i said earlier um for me he's been kind
of an inspirational guy in the mba um there's a few interviews that if you dig them up you can
really find a very humble um he's a professional it's crazy to think that someone as young as him
entering the mba could be um to rise to such an occasion but he's a family man
um he's a real nice guy and you know he's very humble because there's an interview that i saw
with him that kind of inspired me to use him to start this show where he said that when he first
got into the mba it was a real big adjustment because he's leading grown men you know that are 28 or
30 years old they got kids this is their life and so the kind of pressure that he faced was not
only pressure for his own game and for living up to the hype being a little tiny guy and
way too skinny and everybody underestimating him but also meeting the challenge of being teammates
with other men that are other professionals and it's crazy because sometimes we talk about these
guys like they're you know you know obviously they make a lot of money but they're professionals
and moving from one company to another or one branch to another one team to another
they're professionals they're trying to get the most out of their body while their body can still
give it to them knowing that once their body has been used up by this machine no one's gonna care
nobody cares about michael jordan anymore nobody talks about him nobody you know it's a
when they're not making any money off of them anymore and trey as long as they can make money
off of them of course they're going to hype him the moment that he fails the moment that he
falls apart there's five other guys they're going to replace him with and they'll hype them up just
as quickly and i just i think it's really important to see that we are in the midst of what is essentially
a rigged game it's not about whose biology is the best whose jump shot is the best who's got the
best explanation who's got the the nicest and succinct most reasonable explanation it's not
going to be who's asking the right questions and how they ask them that's why jessica hockett
asking good questions about new york city no matter how many good questions she asks she's
never going to be in the starting lineup because it's not like the nba it's not a meritocracy where
no matter who doubts you when you score the points you score the points and then the hype
starts because they want to make money off of that it's not a an organic system where no matter who
has the right answer it doesn't matter they're the ones who are going to rise they're the ones
who are going to get on tucker they're the ones who are going to get the sub stack or or get the
start the nonprofit it's not like that or the book deal
and it's been made to seem like it's that it's made to seem like people are getting censored
and despite censorship they're rising no that's not the way this works
and so unlike the nba where treyong despite the doubt got the chance rose to the occasion
has been fighting through the injuries fighting through all of the things that everybody was
right about his body is gonna take more of a beating and not going to be able to handle it
as well as somebody like LeBron James who may never actually push his body to its physical limit
when playing basketball with other guys that are no bigger than him
but I guarantee you when an average sized human being like treyong bumps against guys like
LeBron James who are a couple sigma from average there's a different stress on his on his
joints and I can guarantee you that when I come up against and when Jessica comes up against and
when Mark comes up against somebody who is who has been financially successful and retired
for 20 years somebody who has started and sold companies 10 or 15 years ago to places like Pfizer
or or BioRAD or or applied BioSystems is going to be more resilient in a in a battle for for the
truth than somebody who is renting their house somebody who has lost a son during the pandemic
somebody who is dependent on the success of of a restaurant
and that's what you're dealing with here the people who are telling the truth the people who
have actually put it all on the line you're never going to hear from them because this is not a
meritocracy this is not like the NBA and no matter how good we are despite all the odds that's what
makes treyong so cool when you watch that video you see holy man that is really a little guy among
very big people and he's doing well what he does well like what he he it's amazing
and that's really what Jessica Hockett is that's what Mark Koolack is and that's humbly I submit that's
what I am because without my teammates without my kids without my wife supporting us and risking
it all and putting it all on the line for this this wouldn't happen this is not something that
well you know we're we're we're pretty much okay because Jay sold like five patents while he was
working for the University of Pittsburgh and so we got plenty of money in the bank and we own our
house and we live on the on a vineyard are we we live at the at the foot of a national park or
we live on the shore of of the Atlantic Ocean in in a compound or in a in a you know
and so I don't care what my husband does in the basement you know he he rants and he goes crazy
but you know it doesn't matter because we're okay and yet there are people on the internet
who are in that position who have decided to attack people like Mark and people like myself
and make fun of people like Jessica and people like Nick Hudson and and and Jonathan Engler
they they they attack those people from a position of comfort from a position of well you could just
mind your own business with your hundred thousand followers and your and your mansion and wherever
it is you could just mind your own business but instead they've gone out of their way to slander
us out of their way to misalign us and out of our out of their way to misrepresent our true motives
which is just asking questions and wondering why these people that are so brilliant that they've
been in front of the Senate multiple times haven't asked any of these questions seem to slip their
mind every time they get a chance to get in front of a mic and that's what I find most
frustrating about this if this was a meritocracy if this was about message if this was about being
right or wrong or being able to admit you don't know then none of these people would be where they
are none of them but they're all there and social media has created this illusion of consensus
that they have actually usefully move the ball forward in some kind of dissident movement that
opposes something what do they oppose what list of things do they actually oppose that's probably
the best question that you could ask any of these people when you're in a meeting with them or you
have the chance and their attention on social media what exactly do you think the problem is
what exactly would you say we're doing wrong and how should we go because I'm pretty I'm pretty
clear I think about what I think is wrong I think that there is an illusion of consensus about the
effectiveness of the vaccine schedule particularly in America and I think it has become a criminal
enterprise and I think that there are a lot of people who could have said it much more succinctly
than they have for the last five or ten years and I'm starting to become very very curious as to
why because after finally pulling my own head out in 2022 it's only taken me about two years to
eclipse all of these previous messages and some of these you know supposedly leading voices that
have been there for several years before the pandemic still aren't there and able to let's say
succinctly elevate or pitch their stance the best they can say is health freedom
the best they can say is free speech
they never say strict liability they never say the prep act they never say transfection they
never say RNA can't pandemic or RNA isn't a pattern integrity those aren't organisms
you they don't say any of these things they instead accept them the novel virus the millions of people
dead the imperfect but effective transfection cure and the fact that it was gained a function
so it will come again the fact that mother nature has many more of these and they will come again
this is all outside of us frightening fear bullshit stories that they pushed on our parents
now they're pushing on us and they want us to push on our kids and the only way out is for
each and every one of us to do the heavy lifting of learning enough of this biology
so that we can't be bullshitted anymore that's a lot of work for some people
but I do think that I and some others are are in a position where we can give a real 30,000
foot view of that biology in a way that will allow people to pick and choose what they want
to learn in more depth what they want to check in more depth with more review with more research
on their own but everybody's going to learn need to learn to be a student again or none of us
are going to be able to break out of this mythology that is that is really has a hold on us based on
social media I mean the tv too but the tv is social media now and the tv reports social media
and so intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb and no matter how many times people say that you know mr. couille is crazy
you will notice that they never address this statement even though I'm telling you night
after night after night after night and morning after morning that this is the most important
message this is the most important message if there's anything I want anyone to take away
from this if the college kid only came here for five minutes I want them to read that first
statement and have it sink in and then had them go how in the world can he say such a broad
generalized statement about immunology is that really possible that no one and not one m.d
not one representative of the human genome project not one retired pharma exec ever and not
as addressed this basic idea wouldn't that be the easiest way to bury me oh there's this thing
that he opens up with every time and it's just the dumbest thing ever and I can tell you exactly
why it's dumb you know why they don't say it because it ain't dumb
because that statement right there is untouchable because this statement in red is absolutely
untouchable they will not they will not touch it because someone like kevin mccernan
who's who cut his teeth in the human genome project is very well aware that in the english
specific to bench biology and bench molecular biology transfections a real word and it has a
real definition which includes the technology that they have foisted on on the world
and called it in fact in investigational vaccines he knows that Brett Weinstein knows that because
I tried to convince him to start using the word in early 2021 already and for almost nine months
on signal please just stop calling it vaccine did he stop no
I tried every single person that I've ever talked to since about the end of 2020 stop calling at a
vaccine just call it a transfection that's why I wrote the review in 2021 to at least have people
understand that if you just called it a transfection you could really get wheels turning in people's
mind that don't turn when you call it a vaccine how hard is it to understand that using the right
words is important and what you need to hear if you haven't heard it is that I've talked to these
people face to face on signal on my phone in messages and voice and zoom
and we're in 2024 and none of them none of them still none of them have turned over the
leaf of saying well I'm never going to call these things a vaccine again I'm going to make sure I
call these things transfections even if what we think of as vaccines don't work we want to keep that
language specific enough so that we know what we're talking about and it can't be confused as
people approach trying to understand this but of course that's not the goal the goal is not to
get people to understand it that's why being precise is exactly what these people don't do
so start with these three things start with these three things with Brett Weinstein start
with these three things with Chris Martinson start with these three things with with Alex
Berenson start with these three things with Joe Rogan start with these three three things with
Alexandros Marinos start with these three things with with Peter McCullough or Pierre Corey or anybody
else on the internet and they will walk away ignore or nothing they will beg you to talk about
something else and the reason why is because this puts all the debates to rest ivermectin who cares
hydroxychloroquine i could give a
they're lying ladies and gentlemen and they're if they're not lying they're ignoring and that's
how you can see it
now i think what's happening is the latest thing that we've done with regard to
the the past few videos we've done is that we've really identified that this not only is this
hypothesis excuse me this still can't do it this maybe i should do it this hand this hypothesis
that we have over here is
it's edified by almost every detail in the story almost every detail that even the medlers agree on
edifies this hypothesis and yet they all ignore it as if it doesn't exist
as if i didn't propose this hypothesis almost two and a half years ago maybe three
and if you give credit to the video in may where i still didn't understand clones but kind of
said this anyway i've been proposing this since may 2020 that there could be a hot background and
we wouldn't know in other words what i've been proposing is simple that what they say is happening
is not likely to have happened and there's lots of other easier explanations for what's happening
and it's weird that we have no real way of discerning between these easier explanations
like a hot background or an a specific test versus the explanation that they gave us which is
high fidelity tests and a new virus there's no way to tell because we have no data from before
january of 2020 and they have conveniently twisted that around we found out from the staffers of
ron johnson for example that that oftentimes still echoes in people's head oh yeah but
i think that means then that we just didn't have enough tests so before that that we weren't
testing then it was totally going around except it didn't kill anybody until they announced it but
that's okay because again it is about this cognitive dissonance where as long as most of the pieces
fit i'm just not going to try anymore and that's how they got you they got us
by lying about it lying about a million details simplifying oversimplifying so that
millions of details were lost thousands of details were lost and other details that weren't
relevant or were were were sidebars were focused on and then they elevated those people that were
focused on the sidebars so that you would never actually get at the heart of what was going on
which is that they murdered people they lied about death they fabricated deaths and all that
rolled into one they lied about and said it was a pandemic of a novel virus for which we were all
vulnerable that we had great high fidelity tests for and that these financial incentives wouldn't
bother anybody and that these new protocols weren't going to hurt anybody and that all it is really
is a novel virus going around and that although the molecular biology seems really ridiculous
we assure you that this is just the way mother nature is and watch it go
and this lie is designed to invert your sovereignty to to permissions it's to take away your
freedom of your grandchildren that's really the plan here
and so yesterday we have been working for a while now on trying to sort out this this problematic
background biology that you know we don't know for sure where where it begins and ends we're not
really sure if it goes all the way back to AIDS and farther we need to figure it all out now we
need to revisit it all and some of the ways that i've been doing it is try to revisit these people
who have been awarded prizes for the discoveries of these these things which are somehow all related
to the present situation and i'm talking about prions i'm talking about viruses i'm talking about
them the enzymes of viruses the the biology of viruses and the methodologies around viruses and
then the people who provide the illusion of consensus that these things exist that they exist in this
form that they exist in this dogma and that these dogmas are correct and that these experimental
results support the idea of these models and so there are a group of old men who have been given
Nobel Prizes whose names include Bob Gallo and Stanley Prusner and David Baltimore and the people
that are around them like Hilary Kaprowski and Stanley Plotkin and the people these people all
are connected to the narrative which we can very succinctly very succinctly express which
people from CHD don't seem to be able to express that people that have big substacks that covered
various for four years don't seem to be able to express that people who work for the human genome
project before or after dropping out of their PhD program and and and sold companies for for
millions of dollars don't seem to be able to get to it's not just the idea that these aren't
investigational vaccines but they're transfections it's getting at the idea that the vaccine schedule
in America is criminal and I'm trying to be very precise there because I'm trying to challenge
people who might be doubtful of this to go and investigate for themselves by just simply taking
a step of like oh I don't know why don't you compare the vaccine schedule in America to the
vaccine schedule in any other western country that you respect
because it doesn't seem like any of these dissidents are able to do it Robert Malone will never do it
Merrill Nass is now fighting the who she's never going to do it and it's a very simple
comparison how many shots do we give our American children and how early do we give them
how insistent are we how much do we push them how many financial incentives are there
and let's look at Norway Sweden the UK let's look at at the Netherlands
how many shots do they get in Africa
ladies and gentlemen the bottom line is is that giga-owned biological
Mark Hewson tonic at Hewson tonic ITS somebody like Jessica Hockett trying to make something
happen on Twitter we are all capable of very succinctly expressing the things that we are
concerned about Jessica Hockett very succinctly asks questions about what happened in New York
City and why no one will talk about it. Mark asks questions about why no one will talk
about the 500,000 plus people killed by opiates and overdosing in the United States and why
no one will talk about the protocols that don't just include Remdesivir and Madaz Lam and all
these other things but include high flow nasal oxygen for hours that we've all known it could
be damaging and why aren't we talking about it and I would like to call like a lot of other
people call attention to the criminal vaccine schedule in America and not lose focus by talking
about the presidential election or talking about free speech or talking about uh I don't know what
I want to talk about getting rid of the prep act I want to talk about getting out of the UN and
the who I want to talk about strict liability for all pharmaceutical products and I want to talk
about why intramuscular injection in many combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb and a lot of these people who write a sub stack every day or two sub stacks
every day and share cartoons every day they can't speak so succinctly about the problems that we
need to address the actual acute problems it's not Ukraine unless you're talking about the money
going out the window it's not Israel unless you're talking about the money going out the window
it's not banks unless you're talking about the money going out the window it's not
the military industrial complex unless you're talking about money going out the window and the
only money that we're exposed to fight about is whether or not we should pay for people student
loans or not. Forget about weaponized piles of money and all the bankruptcies that they
engage in in order to gain even more wealth and extract even more wealth. Completely ignore
that stuff. Just like they wanted you to argue about the lab leak or a natural virus
instead of arguing or paying any attention to what these protocols might have done in
2020 or 2021. All doctors were distracted by the same story, the same illusion of consensus
on the screen that we should argue about questions that we're never going to get at the heart of the
lie. And I think we really need to reconsider the possibility actually take seriously the
possibility that a lot of this biology has been distorted and misrepresented as being exclusively
virology. And that's what really gets me fired up is I really think.
And I noticed this already too late, but this yellow for some reason bleeds through the green
screen. So I hope it's not too annoying, but I'm going to keep my trade jersey on ice tray.
Uh, what I wanted to say was just to recover what we did yesterday with regard to with regard
to the classification of viruses and what it really means. The Baltimore classification of
viruses is what that what I'm referring to. And
And it is used the term Baltimore classification is used because they're the first people to put it
together. And for me, that's actually kind of an interesting statement to make. Um, because it's
not necessarily a great idea. So I want to I want to emphasize why I think it's not a great idea. And
this comes from what happened yesterday. So if you didn't see yesterday's stream, I would suggest
watch it first and take it with a grain of salt. Of course, I'm not suggesting that I know for sure
any of the alternative biological ideas that I presented in that video. I just thought it was
very interesting. So let me first start with the Baltimore classification is the idea that there
are many viruses. There are DNA viruses and there are an viruses and there are many different various
kinds of actually six different kinds of viruses. And they all have various pathways
with with whatever that lead to MRNA. And then the MRNA can be translated to proteins.
Now the idea is, did I just spell proteins wrong? I did, didn't I?
No, I didn't. Oh, wow. My brain just had a complete dyslexic amendment there. Um, anyway,
the the idea is, is that there are one, two, three, four, five, six kinds of viruses,
two of them use, um, DNA and four of them use RNA. Um, and I'm spearing my ink all over the
place while I look like an amateur here. And my handwriting is terrible. Uh, the point being
here, the Baltimore classification is a virology genetics chart. And it's the idea is, is that
there are two DNA virus types. There are four RNA virus types and they differ based on the form of
their, of their genetic material. So there's a single stranded DNA, double stranded DNA, double
stranded RNA, positive, negative, and, and something else, I don't know, maybe it's, uh,
positive, negative, I don't remember, it doesn't matter. There's, there's six kinds of viruses,
and they all have different ways of getting to, um, MRNA. And two of these pathways, and I won't,
I won't bother to draw it out directly. Um, two of these pathways use reverse transcriptase to go
DNA to RNA, or so RNA to DNA. And then DNA goes back to RNA through the, through the cellular machinery
to mRNA. So reverse transcriptase is the enzyme that takes RNA and goes back to DNA. And so
in the same sort of Baltimore classification, I would argue that we should have been
instead, we should do the kui classification or the kui, um, gene scheme. I don't know what
I'm going to call this. This is just me improvising here. Um, I might have to open this. Uh, the kui
gene scheme instead, I would like to rather talk about biology and thinking about biology. And so
if we think about biology, the traditional idea is that you go DNA to RNA to protein.
And this is, see, I spelled it right. This is the traditional basic biology 101 DNA translated
to RNA translated to protein. And that would be the way that I would explain it to my kid,
or you would explain it to a, to a first grader. And so DNA is the genetic material. This would be
like the printer instructions. And then somewhere in here is the ribosome.
And that's the printer. And now Mark and, and, and, and myself kind of agree on the idea that
the ribosome is the key. More than anything else, they want to understand the ribosome. The ribosome
is actually RNA plus protein. So it's a, it's a ribonucleic acid protein enzyme machine.
It makes it very cool. There's lots of subunits. And so it's not going to be something that's
going to be figured out anytime soon, because of course there's transfer RNAs and there's different
variants and yada, yada, yada. There's thousands of them in every cell. But this is the interesting
part because as, as you'll hear in a wide variety of TED talks, you are all basically proteins.
The proteins are all the machines in your body. The ribosomes are RNA plus protein,
but they're also the most important machine in your body. Now the interesting thing about
molecular biology is that enzymes are kind of like tools in the toolbox. And our ability to
dissect molecular biology depends on the tools in the toolbox. So we started out with very few
tools in the toolbox other than the ability to chemically identify, for example, RNA
or DNA or proteins and analyze them, purify them, sequence them was very difficult.
Then we found tools like DNA polymerase, which is an enzyme that can copy DNA. And so once we
were able to get our hands on this tool, then we could do stuff that we couldn't do before.
Another tool that was very interesting, of course, is this tool up here, the reverse transcriptase.
Reverse transcriptase allows us to go this way. And so reverse transcriptase allowed us to take
the RNA in a cell or the RNA in a sample or the RNA in a blood or wherever we found it and
make DNA of it. And then DNA, once we get that, we can make a lot of it, you see,
because we had RNA DNA polymerase. So this tool combines very well with this tool to do a lot of
things in molecular biology. Now, what I need you to understand is that this thing right here
that contains this whole sequence here, this is like a motorcycle. Okay, this is the motorcycle.
And in trying to understand the motorcycle, we have very limited set of tools. This might be,
for example, a Phillips screwdriver and DNA polymerase might be a Torx wrench with a couple
drivers on it. But that doesn't mean that we understand how the motorcycle goes. We know the
smoke comes out the end. We know that when you turn the handle, it revs up and what goes really
fast and you can shift it and whatever. But this screwdriver allows us to take the quarter panel
off or the side panel off, allows us to take the fairing off, it allows us to remove the starter.
But we still don't know how the starter works. We have no idea it's an internal combustion
engine. We have no idea that there's gas in the tank and that it's being slowly combusted to
make the noise. We have nothing because we were just given the motorcycle. We ride around on it.
And now we've been given a couple tools and we've been, we're trying to figure out how it works
with no knowledge, none, no knowledge at all. Just that it makes noise and it goes fast and it's
really fun to ride and we've had this screwdriver and a wrench. Now what I find very interesting
is that for this wrench right here, the reverse transcriptase wrench, somebody got the Nobel
Prize for that one. And what that does again is it allows it to go backwards. So we're going
reverse transcriptase allows us to go backwards from RNA to DNA. Nobody got a Nobel Prize for RNA
polymerase or even though our DNA polymerase, even though that's also an interesting discovery,
a very neat machine. Interestingly, viruses are actually exclusively have the sort of,
how do you say it? They have the monopoly on all of the enzymes that work on RNA. They have a
monopoly, it says right here, they're all viruses, all four RNA virus types have a monopoly on
it's weird, they have a monopoly on, oh yeah, that's a retrovirus. So the fourth kind of RNA
virus is a retrovirus. So they convert their RNA, they convert it to DNA first, then that DNA
gets converted to RNA and then gets translated to protein. So the sixth kind of RNA virus is a
retrovirus. And then you have positive strand RNA, negative strand RNA and double stranded RNA
viruses. I knew I would get there eventually if I just kept talking. So the point is that we don't
and we will not anytime soon be able to adequately understand with high fidelity the DNA RNA protein
with ribosomes in the middle sort of machinery. That's a loss cause that's not going to happen
anytime soon, given the approach that we are taking and given the amount of exaggeration and
lies we are telling. The vast majority of people are not even investigating any of the meaningful
working parts here, but instead are just doing small little things like turning screws,
loosening bolts, and the motorcycle behaves a little differently, but essentially it's still
working. So I guess we understand. And so what I find very interesting is that all of these proteins,
sorry, all of these enzymes, the machinery that supposedly allows all these different forms of
aberrant RNA signals to propagate in nature are the exclusive domain of viruses. Even though I
think most people would agree that mammals, primates, and humans in particular, are kind of a
the culminating species or species set of evolution, we are the most complicated life forms on the
planet. I mean, who else would you argue is more complicated than us than mammals? I mean,
what I mean, I'm not saying that we're more complicated than a dolphin or that we're more
complicated than orangutan. I'm saying that though that level of species is as good as it's gotten so
far after however much time has happened, however much creation has exist, that's the ultimate machine,
right? So if we're the ultimate pattern integrity, how is it that our machinery is limited
to copying DNA and also reading DNA and RNA and reading RNA into proteins, that's all we can do.
But these viruses that according to David Baltimore needed cells before they could even exist somehow
have the monopoly on all these magic enzymes that we don't have. All different ways of creatively
using these different types of genetic signals, they can do all kinds of creative stuff with them.
But us, you know, mammals with all our complexity are just limited to DNA RNA and protein and in
that direction only. And the crazy thing about that ridiculous statement is that reverse transcriptase
was found in tumor exosomes. So it was essentially an endogenous protein that has now been told to
us is in retroviruses like AIDS. And that these are foreign things, they are from other places
rather than an aspect of our innate biology rather than an aspect of our innate
homeostatic system that includes small genetic signals like this. They have told us that we
use none of them except when we have cancer or if we've got AIDS. Other than that, these things
are all outside of us and fit inside of Baltimore's classification. And in my humble opinion as a
biologist, the moment that we found any of these enzymes in the wild, we should have assumed based
on the kui gene scheme that they must be used as part of our pattern integrity as well.
That they're just another layer of complexity that we have that we have grossly underestimated
by saying to our children that it's just DNA to RNA to protein. That we don't make any copies
of our RNA that we don't copy RNA at all. Only viruses do that and they have four different
ways of doing it, but we never, we never copy our RNA. That's the statement that is made
by accepting the Baltimore classification of six different kinds of viruses that can all do
special things with their special enzymes, but we can't. We never do that. Why would we
be mammals regulate our RNA? That would be crazy. Why would we make copies of our RNA? Why would
we ever use an RNA dependent RNA polymerase? What a ridiculous statement that would be according
to David Baltimore and Vincent Rancic-Rack and yellow only viruses have those special enzymes.
And once you start to see the ridiculousness of that statement and the fact that you have to
take their word for it, that when they find an RNA polymerase, RNA dependent RNA polymerase,
that it is definitely not yours. It's from a virus and that is the basis for all of this story.
It's pretty holy shit. And I don't know how to better explain it other than that,
that they have bamboozles us, including David Baltimore, to accept that all of these special
enzymes and all these special ways of manipulating the various forms of genetic material that we,
I guess, all agree are important. These special ways are all monopolized
by things that aren't even patterned integrities. We're all evolved in the context of things that
aren't even patterned integrities. We're supposed to believe that, that these things that he says
couldn't exist until cells existed are completely independent of the organisms that he says they're
obligate pathogens of. There is a magnificent contradiction there, a magnificent contradiction,
which basically suggests that you can make a cuckoo clock do things like make toast,
because these viruses can come in and do things that we can't do. And they can make us do those
things that we don't have the machinery to do. We don't know how to copy RNA, but man, oh man,
if they come around and inject their stuff into us, now we copy RNA and we're forced to do it.
I think I see it, ladies and gentlemen, I bet you I bet you dollars to donuts that they're
going to start ignoring us more than they have ever ignored us because we are so on this.
Let me just pull up that video again from yesterday and see if we can't
we can't complete that exercise from yesterday. Is this on here?
Let me see.
Where would it be? That would be it. No, that's a different one. This one, and it's the 29 one.
Here we go. I got it. First transcriptase. And I'll put it over here. Oh, I got to slide this over.
Okay, so this is where we left off. I'm just going to tap it back a couple seconds here.
So this is the basic scheme that we were talking about a minute ago. And so my argument is again,
here we see tumor causing RNA viruses, tumor causing RNA viruses. So they they found reverse
transcriptase inside of, and they say tumor causing, but that's not what happened, right?
That's a magic trick and an enchantment that I didn't even see yesterday or I didn't identify
yesterday. But even the proof that these these viruses caused the cancer as part of their illusion.
This is what started back in the 70s when all this stuff was happening was this idea that that's
Bob Gallo that cancer is caused by viruses. That's not at all what's happening there. And in fact,
those viruses are probably signaling. It could be aberrant signaling, but nonetheless, it's
signaling. What I said yesterday in the stream and suggested was that these signaling pathways
could be very heterogeneous and very small signals in health and very difficult to discern as
independent signals when they're in circulation. And it could be very, very difficult forever
for us to ever penetrate this. And if you talk to the people who have studied exosomes as
endogenous signaling, they will tell you that that's the challenge, that it's a real super
highway of information that it's so varied, that it would be very hard to find patterns within it.
But it could be, follow me well here, it could be that during a pathogenic state like cancer,
these signaling pathways become much more homogenized. They've become one signal and very loud. And so
instead of all different insects in the background, you just have 30 crickets. And so wow, now you
hear them. But if it was only one cricket and 100,000 other different kinds of insects, there would be
no pattern of what lives in your backyard. It would just be an assortment, right? And so it would be
harder to understand the ecosystem than if it was just crickets and and toads and and garter snakes.
Now you can kind of understand how they are related to one another. And so in the context of trying
to understand how the human body, how the mammalian system signals within itself and signals between
species or between cons specifics, if it's a signal like that, would be almost impossible.
It's curious because there was this guy, I think it's Ian Lipkin or or or another guy,
Lipstitch. One of these two guys was working on a kind of nano molecular tool set and taking money
from the Chinese. And it seemed like basically a nano reader for viruses. But if you understand
that the human body in health and in disease, the tissues and the immune system
are likely communicating using exosomes, then the application would actually be much more
interesting when applied to that, where you would start to read the background signal,
almost like a widespread radio sampling antenna.
And so I think it's a very, very interesting idea to to ponder, ponder the idea that this scheme
of DNA and RNA viruses is actually a scheme which hides the fact that mammalian systems,
mammalian animals, bodies, engage in a plethora of exosomal communication in health and in disease,
and that they have known it for some time. They actually probably discovered it accidentally when
they infected people, quote unquote, they contaminated people with similar signals from related species.
And specifically, I'm talking about the possibility that monkey exosomes from monkey immune systems
or from monkey tissues were injected into humans and they had the the unexpected outcome of revealing
that our own immune system uses retroviruses. And if we were to contaminate that system with
retroviruses from a related species, we might actually ruin that system. We might
actually damage it. And that's probably what happened. That's probably what AIDS is or represents
is this discovery. And so it's possible, ladies and gentlemen, that there are examples
where this communication system of exosomes goes wrong in the gut
or elsewhere. And we have measles. It's possible. But it is very unlikely. It is extremely unlikely
that all of this machinery, all of this biology is exclusively outside of us and occupies a zone
of interest that has nothing to do with pattern integrity, but has to do with molecular molecules
that sustain themselves. It's just highly unlikely that this is the truth. This is a mythology
that I think really undermines our ability to appreciate the irreducible complexity of ourselves.
In other words, if this was the truth down here, the kui gene scheme, where actually,
the reality is, is that we can copy our RNA in certain contexts, because we do have RNA-dependent
RNA polymerases. It would be very scary if our immune system communicates T cell to B cell or
or, or, or iscine fill to B cell or hascine fill to T cell using retroviruses. That would be pretty
terrifying to find out that maybe part of the way that we select who we are attracted to is based
on the contents of MHC molecules and the composition of exosomes which we receive when we kiss or when
we touch. Never mind when we make love. And this would result in a very much more complex
view of our biology, a more wonderful appreciation of how, how complicated we are.
And they do not want us to know that because then that would undermine all of their public health
model. It would undermine all of their, their value to us.
And it would actually restore our reverence for the sacred. We would start thinking of our bodies
and our minds as temples instead of as, as, as things to be improved as, as things that are imperfect
from the start, depending on how we feel or our lived experience. I think that's what's dangerous
about the Baltimore classification. I think it's very possible that we have not only reverse
transcriptase working in certain contexts that we don't understand. We may even have RNA-dependent
RNA polymerases that work in certain contexts that we don't understand. We may even have RNAs
which are transmitted through our body with RNA-dependent RNA polymerases in order to make sure that when
that RNA reaches its target, that it's just not one molecule, that it becomes more than one molecule.
If you send arc RNA from one neuron to another, is that going to be sufficient to change anything
over there? Are you going to need to also make a few more copies of that RNA?
Or are you going to package a bunch of those RNAs into an exosome and send it out,
and in packaging those RNAs, you had to copy them locally. There are lots of different scenarios
where it's extremely easy for me to imagine why we would use RNA-dependent RNA polymerase for
local and distant signaling in our bodies in various systems. And yet for some reason or another,
not only are they exclusively in viruses, but in all these cases of different RNA-dependent RNA
polymerases needed, no one has won a Nobel Prize for those. None of them, none of those discoveries
are Nobel Prizes, nobody gives a shit. And in fact, in this video that we are about to start,
in all of the times when he's had a chance to say RNA-dependent RNA polymerases are exclusively
in viruses, he has not said it. He won't even say RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, he will just
say polymerase. Unless it's reverse transcriptase, then he'll say the whole name. And I see it as a
huge red flag. I think this is the heart of the illusion. And why there are no viruses is the
perfect, perfect trap. Why making fun of these people in that very simplified way is the perfect
trap. Do you see it? Let's listen to David Baltimore. Let's finish this video.
Viruses to test whether they might have a polymerase. And as I said, in a few days found
what we were looking for. The reverse transcriptase is an enzyme now that's understood in great detail.
You can see how the DNA or RNA are threaded through the polymerase from its structure.
So let me say a few words about what the discovery of reverse transcription
allowed. It allowed various kinds of understanding and it allowed various kinds of technology.
The understanding was the understanding that RNA tumor viruses are retroviruses,
that they reverse transcribe their genome and integrate it into the host cell. And that
really said that cancer was a consequence of genetic alteration of cells.
And so now he's not being very precise here because RNA tumor viruses as far as he's
implying are from outside the body. They're not exosomes. Be very clear here about the
story that he's telling and he's trying hard not to say any more than he has to because he knows
it's a big LIE lie. And the other thing is that how do you think about how fast you went through
that shift? This should be a pretty big discovery. The RNA tumor viruses were renamed
retroviruses, but they're not from outside. They were discovered in tumors coming from tumors.
They are endogenous signals. This is ridiculous. If they cause the cancer, then when they're
releasing these retroviruses, wouldn't you have to stay away from people with cancer? It's just
ridiculous. And yet he's going to go through it like it's just yeah, that's the way it is. We
found viruses associated with cancer. We made this great discovery. And now we're going to talk
about AIDS because AIDS also has a retrovirus and it comes from monkeys from bush meat, right?
Brett Weinstein. Holy cow. Do you see it?
And the other thing is that reverse transcription allowed biotechnologists to capture
the genetic information. See, now this is why I wanted to do that intro, which was so,
what's the worst piece of paper I've ever put ink on? It looks terrible, but
I'm actually better writing when I'm not talking. So that's why it looks so bad. But the real point
to make about that is that if we think about life on Earth in general and trying to understand
how life on Earth exists as a pattern integrity, we would be trying in earnest to understand
common mechanisms that are present with regard to DNA, RNA, ribosomes, and protein production.
And all the steps in various ways in which that could be regulated, how it could be altered,
how it could be changed, how it expresses itself in a complex way. And yet for ourselves, we are
told that it's DNA to RNA to protein and that one of the proteins that's really important are antibodies.
We are told that there are viruses everywhere, but don't focus on bacteriophages, even though we
have a symbiotic relationship with bacteria in our skin, in our lungs, and in our gut.
Don't worry about bacteriophages. We don't need to talk about them at all.
Never mind that reverse transcriptase was found in exosomes coming from tumors.
Think of all of these things in the Baltimore classification as viruses being outside of you.
That's the enchantment, ladies and gentlemen, that's the enchantment. It's not to say that
there are not aberrant signals at this, at this regime that can cause disease. It's very possible,
especially if, especially if, listen carefully, your body does signal using these signals.
If your body does signal using retroviruses, if your body does signal using exosomes with RNA
and an RNA dependent RNA polymerase in it, that are not only is our biology more complicated,
not only is our immune response more complicated, but it is actually
impossibly complicated relative to their understanding of it. And they have no ground to stand on them.
This simple idea is falling apart right before your eyes, and this guy gave this lecture in
2018 right before the pandemic just to lay the foundation. They made two different versions
of it, a simple one and a longer one. And I think this is the thing that's going to fall apart.
This is where biology falls apart right here, the Baltimore classification scheme. It's not that
there are no viruses unless you're very precise and say viruses as this ubiquitous thing in nature
outside of us, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of pathogenic signals, that's a lie.
If you then stated that instead there's this unbelievably hot background of exosomic signaling
that involves DNA and RNA and various proteins that that can amplify RNA and DNA, copy DNA,
it caused its integration. These signals are everywhere. There are signals like this in the
regime of bacteria. There are signals like this in the regime of fungi of plants and of mammals
and of insects. And this level of complexity is so deep that the only thing you can do is
stand back and appreciate it, try to measure it, maybe try to look at it, but not
to understand it as exclusively outside of you is really absolutely and totally wrong.
It's incorrect and it's a lie. And it's what's scarier is the idea that what they're implying
is a fraction, right? So even if some of these people would give it to me what they would say,
and this would be like a pie diagram, right? For the, come on, pen. Here we go. Come on,
pen. Don't fail me now because this is the reason why you're a cheap pen. You see the difference
between a cheap pen and a not cheap pen is that this one, for example, it's nib will not hold ink
at all. And if you stop writing, it will dry like, oh my gosh, are you kidding me? Now watch this.
Here's another pen that I haven't touched in weeks. We're just going to get that pen out.
It's got a much nicer nib and it's going to write immediately. So in case you're worried about
fountain pens, my first advice would be just stick with with with regular pens and you'll never
have this problem. But if you really like to write and draw and you get into fountain pens,
by one advice would be don't waste any time with cheap nibs. The most important thing is the tip.
So if we look, oh, look at that thing writes right away. How surprising is that? So if we make two
pie diagrams and we say this is the TV and this is a kui, then we might put pathogenic viruses right
here. Maybe there are some times when the X is almost signaling of mammals and other animals can
be aberrant. And so for example, if you inject people with exosomes from other primates,
you might cause disease that might fit in here. If you ate the brains of some animal,
you might you might get in here where some of these exosomal signaling mechanisms might go
wrong in you. That's possible. But the vast majority of this stuff is just endogenous signaling
that we can't really understand because it not only comes from us, but it comes from everywhere,
including all of the bacteria that are in our world and have bacteriophages that are sending
signals in this same regime. The TV on the other hand, would like you to believe that all of those
signals are barely anything. And most of those are actually RNA retroviruses, right? And some of
those are kind of like AIDS or associated with tumors. And then everything else is mother nature's
pathogens. And now my argument here, and again, I apologize for the worst graphics in the history
of the show, but my argument here is that this difference in the representation and the illusion
of consensus about what's real and what's not is very, very stark. Robert Malone would would
ascribe to this. Meryl Nash would ascribe to this. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. would ascribe to this.
Peter McCullough would probably ascribe to this. There are lots of people who would say, yes,
the pathogen catalog is worth two volumes. And the exosomal communication is worth a sliver
and barely relevant here. Whereas I would argue, and I think any biologist that actually has
read into this would understand that if all living beings, including bacteria and fungi,
are accepted to send out exosomal signals to, to use these signals both for themselves and to
communicate, that it would be very impossible to adequately assess the total fraction of this
signaling regime that is pathogenic, but it is not all of it. It's not the vast majority of it.
And somewhere in here in the TV thing, of course, is gain a function stuff, which could be even more
extra deadly viruses out here that would have never existed in mother nature if we didn't create
them. And those don't exist in this scheme. They don't exist in this scheme. Because again,
evolution has existed in the context of this communication for millennia. And so we're very
robust in terms of the limited ways in which this thing could go pathogenic. And we're very
resilient to it. The TV would like you to believe that we have almost no resistance to any of
these pathogens until we see them for the first time. There are no common mechanisms
shared with our previous ancestors that that encountered their previous ancestors of this
background signal. And that assumption is based on the idea that exosomal signaling doesn't really
exist. It doesn't, it doesn't happen in the TV biology. It's just all outside of us.
And the fact of the matter is there is an endogenous signal for all of these organisms from bacteria
all the way up to us and that endogenous signal needs to be ignored in order for the model of
pathogens to exist. In order for the Baltimore classification scheme to be worthy of textbook
pages, you have to ignore the fact that all organisms known on the planet use exosomes or some
form of short and long term genetic communication that could be classified under an umbrella term
exosome, a small membrane bound genetic signal. I mean, they make them. And this scheme needs
you to accept that they don't. They don't make any of these signals. These signals are all from
outside of us. I know that this is maybe beating a dead horse, but I think this is the breakthrough
that happened yesterday, the really important bridge that we can now express. The incredulousness
that we can now express really, do you really believe that RNA dependent RNA polymerases are
exclusively the tools of viruses in the wild that we don't have any of these kinds of tools?
Do you really believe that reverse transcriptase is only used by retroviruses that are in the wild
that we can only get from bushmeat? Do you really believe that? And that somehow they only show up
when we have a tumor and that Howard Teman is just dead for nothing.
From individual genes as messenger RNA that was reverse transcribed in the laboratory,
and that became a central methodology of biotechnology. There he is. And so again,
what I'm emphasizing to you is that what virology does is it covers up for the limited toolbox that
molecular biology has and gives them excuses to experiment on it without us knowing what they're
doing. We have absolutely no clue. No one on the planet except for people watching this show right
now will think today. Hmm, I wonder if any of these viral enzymes have any role in mammals.
I wonder if these enzymes have any role in plants in fungi or in insects or in reptiles and amphibians.
I guess not. They're just all viruses.
I guess all these other complicated life forms on the planet like reptiles, amphibians, birds,
mammals, even bacteria, we don't we don't bother with any of this other fancy enzymes, you know,
like RNA dependent RNA polymerases. We don't bother to copy RNA. That would be crazy.
We don't use RNA for anything other than internal signaling to go from the nucleus to the ribosome
and make some protein. That's it. That's how simple you are. And that's what makes you vulnerable
to all these incredibly diverse virology things. I think I see it. I think I see through this
bullshit. And I think that is the main bullshit that somehow or another we are very simple in our
genetic ways and that these virus these viruses have evolved all kinds of things that can bypass
our very sophisticated ways or our very simple ways. Excuse me. It's it's extraordinary.
And how little they have learned in the past 30 years, they have been right about this
ship since they found it. It's not really changed. The model is not changed in that time. You know,
they haven't learned anything new. They were right from the beginning. Also learn from
work on the structure of the human genome that as much as 45% of the human genome
arose by reverse transcription over historic time. So again, now they're trying to say to you
that it happens, but it's still outside of you. Reverse transcription is something that happens
despite us. Mainly by the copying of mobile genetic elements, which are like viruses, except
they don't have an extra cellular existence. They simply are part of cellular life.
Oh, so you're telling me that the cuckoo clock does make cuckoo clock noises. I see.
They're just part of regular cellular life. So what if there is also an RNA dependent RNA
polymerase with an RNA that can be produced by one cell and sent to another cell so that that
cell makes a few more copies of that RNA and makes the protein that it codes for? Why wouldn't that
be something that we would have inside of our infinitely complex pattern integrity of a body?
I don't think Bunkminster Fuller would think that was a crazy idea. I don't think any biologist
with an imagination would think that, oh, wow, look what I found in this little cell culture.
I'm sure it's exclusive to what I found in the cell culture. This enzyme is exclusive to what
I've just found in the cell culture. There's no way I would ever look for this enzyme inside
of us. That would be stupid, obviously, because I learned already in biology 101 that we're just
DNA to RNA through a ribosome to protein. None of these other things happen inside of us.
That's just viruses. Oh, I'm going to keep repeating this until I'm blue in the face,
because I think it's so right. And finally, the discovery of reverse transcription
set the base for 10 years later, the discovery of that the
AIDS epidemic was being caused by the spread of a virus, HIV. And there is where we see what
Elena Papadopoulos or whatever told us was that actually the presence of reverse transcription
was the primary indicator of the presence of the AIDS virus. It's true. Just like testing for
the antibodies is how they told you you had AIDS for many, many years.
Doing an in vitro assay for reverse transcription was one of the primary ways that people like David
Baltimore demonstrated the presence of a retro virus. Do you understand that?
That a cell culture cannot express reverse transcriptase. It's not possible. They've ruled it out.
We don't have it. It doesn't work except for intumor viruses where they found it.
Where Howard Teman and David Baltimore both found it. Where Howard Teman had worked for years
and years to find it. And then David Baltimore, because he was a molecular biologist, a pretty easy
experiment for him to do. So he practically scooped him in a couple of weeks. And now for some reason
or another, the guy who scooped the dude who worked very hard to find that reverse transcription
happened in tumor viruses, tumor exosomes. That guy's dead. And the guy who scooped him
in about two weeks, because as he said, well, I'm gonna, you know, for me, it was a real easy
experiment. So I just did it. And I did it. He's now the guy who got the Nobel Prize and the guy who's
still alive and the guy who's still telling us right before the pandemic that this is the way viruses
work. Right before an RNA pandemic. I wouldn't know about Howard Teman if it wasn't for my friend
Mark Koolack. I wouldn't know about Stanley Plotkin if it wasn't for my friend Mark Koolack.
I wouldn't know who Hillary Kaprowski was if it wasn't for my friend Mark Koolack.
I would have had no idea who Cina Vivari was or why him writing a paper with Allison
Tatura would be interesting in 2019 if it wasn't for my friend Mark Koolack.
And I don't think very many people on the planet right now allow me to dunk for a second would have
any have approached this with this concept of hey, wait a minute, why would none of these RNA
enzymes even get an award? Why is it that this guy won't even say RNA dependent RNA polymerase?
Why is it that he won't say exosomal signaling in 2018 when we know there was a whole I mean,
we know the NIH made a whole little video set about exosomal signaling and how ubiquitous it was.
Why doesn't he ever talk about bacteriophages except for when he wants to prove to you that
there are viruses then he shows you a bacteriophage experiment. But when it comes to pandemics when
it comes to sickness when it comes to illness, it's only viruses outside of you. It can't be
exosomes and it can't be bacteriophages. Not one human condition is caused by bacteriophages.
Can you believe that? Is that even possible? Given what we now accept as a symbiotic relationship
with our with our gut that has to do with neuronal communication through the vagus nerve that has
to do with interaction with the immune system in in payers patches where the bacteria actually
goes in for a little while every night, how we really to believe that none of these conditions
that we experience as sickness can be caused by bacteriophages really
that bacteriophages are just something that are there that prove that there's something there
that we can use as you know we we use this we found this this methodology work so we use it for this
to works on bacteriophages therefore it must work on these.
I think that's really the lie. I think the lie is that we have exosomes in our body from maybe all
healthy tissues but certainly probably from the immune system that either use retroviruses or
RNA viruses RNA viruses that contain an RNA transcript with an RNA dependent RNA polymerase
encoded with it so that when that little signal hits a cell that cell will not only have RNA but
it'll make a little extra and that express the protein that's there that could be a very easy way
for interferon to be expressed in cells neighboring cells that need to be activated or a way for
neighboring cells to up regulate their immediate immune response or signaling regime by sending
an RNA dependent RNA polymerase with an RNA signal to your neighboring cells also to put it into
circulation to activate an immune response would not be a crazy concept and yet somehow or another
they want you to believe the only time that exosomes are present are when you have cancer and then
they are they are signaling and causing the cancer but otherwise they're not there at all and
otherwise all these signals come from outside and that incredible simplification involves ignoring
everything that we suspect about ourselves as being this irreducibly complex
magnificent creation it's extraordinary ladies and gentlemen because I think this is where it
breaks this is the break right here and this I think this this much more nuanced take on the lie
is the kind of thing that the no virus stance was meant to prevent people from reaching
if you say that there are just no viruses and they're lying and you focus on isolation and
you focus on purification you're never going to get to this where you fully understand that no
they have taken parts of our own irreducible complexity our own sacred biology and told us
a lie that this sacredness exists outside of us and instead of being part of our sacredness is
actually pathogenic it's actually part of the world's resistance to our existence part of the
garden of Eden's condemnation of ourselves it's a lie it's just a lie it's a lie meant to
confuse our children it is a lie meant to reverse our sovereignty or invert it
and it's a lie that a very small number of old men are guilty of telling us and I think he knows it
I do I think David Baltimore has known that this lie existed for as long as Tony Fauci and as
long as Bob Gallo and as long as Tony Stanley Prouzner have known that these are lies they are
lies about our sacred biology in order to disguise an effort to control us an effort to
rein our growth in to find a way of governing us as farm animals basically treating us as experiments
and it's not even us right this was a multi-generational game it's not for us it's not even for our
kids it's for our kids kids and the opening that we have right now is that people like David
Baltimore aren't going to live forever and when they're gone there are people that are less capable
of sustaining this lie because the illusion is sustained partially by these old men and their
collective chorus together because they're lies they can't cover up the lies once they're gone
people can repeat their experiments and debunk them and when they're not there to speak up who will
you see it it's coming very soon it's coming right now it's already happening right now
they're trying to put new people in front and those new people are dropping the ball
as we speak there's nobody that can take this mantle because even if this guy were to dare to
do an interview with me which he won't the people that the surrogates that they are putting in front
of these people to try and and and and put a lid on this discussion the surrogates have only two
choices they either have to be extreme no virus people or they have to be extreme virus people
and so the two kinds of people that have opposed this idea since we proposed it
in general terms have been the no virus people and have been people from the the extreme molecular
biology like like buckholtz and and kevin mccernan and so for me it's just it's just more
more support for the idea that what giga ohm biological has done what mark kulak and what
jessica hockett and nick hudson and and jonathan angler and the few people who have been
really repeating over and over again what happened in 2020 what were you doing in 2020 why didn't you
say this in 2020 what in the world went on in 2020 what in the world went on in 2020 the only
people that are asking that are the people that you can't see that you can't hear that are not
amplified that are not getting anywhere the only people who don't want to forget 2020 are us
everybody else wants to forget 2020 i've got david boltimore wants you to forget 2020
tony fauci wants you to forget 2020 rann paul wants you to forget 20 the only thing they want
you to think about in 2020 was the theater the acting the lab league cover up now you can talk
about that all you want but if you scrutinize what all these people were doing in 2020 you will
find liars you will find people who seeded the worst case scenario about a lab leak about it
about it can't let this go endemic that we've got to go for zero covid that we need 60 days lockdown
how many of these people have ever visited the pope how many of these people are connected to
the vatican how many of these people are connected to weaponized piles of money
once you ask questions like that you see that they all are
none of these people are putting their family and their livelihoods on the line none of these
people have lost a job actually none of these people have actually lost a house they've even
lied about losing houses that they actually sold for a profit that's the depth and the breadth of
this operation these people are governing us by lies and it was before the pandemic that's why
lying about the pandemic isn't as extreme as you might assume it would be
they were lying before the pandemic so to continue to lie into the pandemic is not that big a deal
it's just the same shtick because it's part of the same governing structure
and the only way that you could get this guy to make such a lame video like this
and to edit it twice would because they knew they had to set this up just like they were setting up
the lady from mit to give lectures about prions
because all of this biology needed to be in place needed to be well understood amongst the
academic academicians out there so that if they had questions they could find these videos
and so that other creators could make their own videos about their shirt their certainty
about prions and their certainty about the spike protein and their certainty about the novel coronavirus
that's why this was made in 2018 it wasn't for educational purposes it was part of the set up
make no mistake about it they put hundreds and hundreds of videos out there as part
of the setup they put tens if not hundreds of creators out there as part of the setup and the
ones that that caught on were supported the ones that were not did not caught on maybe they weren't
but they put a lot of extra out there and whatever stuck to the wall they went with
all kinds of worst case scenario actors tenured ones and non-tenured ones fringe and non-fringe
everywhere you cannot underestimate how many people they set up in order to make sure that
regardless of where the narrative went they would go where they wanted it to go with people that
either went along or were censored enough so that nobody saw them and i think if you look at my
personal track record i don't know we're just having a random stream here this morning if you
look at my personal track record i think what's best about it is that you can see that there were
very particular medlers that tried to co-opt me tried to make sure that i stayed on the lab leak
narrative that i got really excited about the lab leak cover up and i bought it hook line and
sinker for a very long time because they were very good at stroking my ego they were very good
at pretending that there were rivalries within this discussion that i was aware of or participating
in and people arguing and then wow i've got to choose which one of these two guys is right and
now i think i'm going to be friends with this guy because i don't like what this guy said
they did that to me behind the scenes not on social media on front but in signal chats where
people would argue about what i said and then storm out of the signal chat saying that nobody's
listening to me and then i would have to decide whether i like those people in the signal chat
or the guy that just left and if i chose the guy that i just left with then that guy would become
my friend for a little while and treat me and and lead me down another path and and waste my time
with another thing until suddenly i questioned that and then he would go online and say that i was
an idiot or block me and that happened a lot and i think a lot of these people got played like that
i think Peter McCullough is one of these people who basically can't tell you how many times he had
a meeting with somebody who told him he got no choice that's why he looks scared that's why he
looks upset that's why he looks stressed because at first he said okay i'll go along with it because
it's worst case scenario and i don't know if worst case scenario is real or not but once he
figured out that they were lying about worst case scenario and how motivated they were to make
sure that worst case scenario set in and how much damage it was doing and how much they were willing
to lie about it he started to have second thoughts but where do you go
where is he supposed to go when he's already in front of everybody when they can make a phone call
and say hey peter you better get on that podcast or uh you know
you know that guy in Canada named plumber you should look him up would hate to have you fall
on a sidewalk that's that's the kind of stuff that we're dealing with here this is a national
security issue and they will pull out all stops in order to make sure that we have
complete compliance with the acceptance of what happened just like after 9-11 there will be no
tolerating alternative narratives and any alternative narrative will either be controlled
opposition or it will be completely banished from consciousness
and only released when it's time and so when we are dealing with the controlled demolition of
america i think that's what you're now seeing is that this narrative was intended to be used
as part of the demolition of america and the fact that they've lost control of the narrative
that they have not succeeded in getting us where they needed us to get so that we could get to the
next place they are in big trouble they are off the script and if we continue to push like
we're pushing now and we continue to learn how to how to articulate the right questions
which for example might be where does exosomal communication fit in the scheme of
baltimore viruses where is it where do bacteriophages fit in the scheme of baltimore viruses
how many bacteriophage types are there in terms of the six kinds of viruses all these questions
are questions that are relevant to ask anybody that opens their mouth and says that they know
something about viruses you know if you worked for the human genome project all these years and now
you have a cannabis sequencing company and you also claim to know all kinds of things about
coronaviruses i'm kind of sketched out i don't think that's true i think it's really weird that you
would even care nevermind that you would attack someone to discredit someone to try to interfere
with their their relationship with their employer despite having you know millions of dollars in
your family and multiple companies between you and your brothers and a house on one of the
expensive most expensive plots of land in america that person actually chose to use their time and
energy on social media to attack someone who's renting their house in pittsburgh and wants to
talk about some of the alternative possibilities that this biology might represent you could just
ignore me you could just go play with your ten thousand dollar cats
but instead he chose to block me on twitter and then attack me on twitter then to call
and complain at my employer and about what that i was questioning the dogma of viruses that i
was questioning the fidelity of RNA virology
think about that and now that person has been in front of the united states senate talking about
dna contamination along with his buddies the robert melones and the the harvey rashes
and the piercories and the the jessica roses that have all done very well
in terms of financial independence world travel
fame and fortune during the course of the pandemic despite not really doing anything
despite not really accomplishing anything despite not giving any solutions to anyone
despite just getting a lot of money
they've not lost any jobs
if they did they lost a job and then started a business and now that business is hopping
i'm still relying on a guy by the name of greg james to be generous enough to give
me another donation in a month or or steffin colan to give me another donation in a month
i've got like two or three people that my family relies on their generosity alone
and then about a hundred people that that give me maybe ten dollars a month
and that's it i don't have thirty five five thousand or fifty five thousand or a hundred
thousand subscribers on sub stack give me five dollars each i don't have a wellness company
paying me to plug their their uh emergency kit i don't have an energy drink
i don't have anything mark doesn't have that mark is supported by his viewers
what you need to see ladies and gentlemen is this is the time right now where we need to rise up
and we need to choose who we elevate and yes i am arguing that we should start elevating
actually working hard to get the giga ohm biological stream to be financially successful
not just for my family and because i like doing what i'm doing but because we're doing what's right
because we're saying what needs to be said and if we're going to be resilient enough to keep
saying it in the coming months and the coming years then we're going to need to be a hell of a
lot more than a family of five who can barely make rent when we're up against people that can
travel the world when we're up against people who live in multiple countries with multiple passports
and they can go to Oslo to promote their book because it just got translated into Norwegian
that can go on on on cruises off the coast of turkey to discuss the strategy with other dissidents
whose husband and wife have been in and out of the the biosecurity apparatus for 20 years and now
claim to be some kind of conservative patriots they're all liars and there are very very few people
really fighting for our grandchildren around the world
my message the other day was that americans have to fight for america and dutch have to fight for
nataland and and english people have to fight for england and that canadians have to fight for
canada and that's definitely true it doesn't mean we can't all support each other it doesn't mean
we can't all talk to one another but it does mean that there's not a lot i can do to help
canadians other than to say go get them there's not a lot i can do to dutch people
than to say kamador there's not a lot i can say to the people in south africa except for
you know should support nick hudson
and there's not a lot i can say to americans except you should listen to jessica hockett's
questions you should go to mark kulek's website and start reading and you should share this stream
especially the streams that hit you the hardest because these messages this information and
these questions need to be asked shared and passed around until they change the world
that's how important this is that the world sees david baltimore as the fraud that he is
sees the baltimore classification system as the fraud that it is and sees the simplification
of our own biology has been dna to rna through a ribosome to proteins has been a horrible simplification
a malevolent simplification of our irreducible complexity
i want everyone to see that that is the overarching goal of giga ohm biological to restore the
reverence for the sacred biology by actually redefining it to be defining it the right way
as to what it really is rather than you know we're really simple and everything around us is
really scary and complicated no we are the most beautiful and complex expression
of a pattern integrity that mother nature has ever conceived and all the machinery that surrounds
us in nature is likely represented in some form inside of our own pattern integrity and that's
what makes us so exceptional we are nature's gain of function it doesn't get any better than
this we are nature's swiss watch so there's no reason to believe that we don't use jeweled pivots
only only viruses are smart enough to use ruby pivots in their watches we just use quartz
even though we are the most beautiful the culmination of of millions of years of evolution according
to these people we are very much less sophisticated than our our tiny little pathogenic neighbors
the viruses and that that virus was a retrovirus like the tumor viruses that up to then were the
only ones known so it's been particularly gratifying to me that this discovery has reverberated down
through time in so many different ways and it really speaks to the importance of basic research
so we look at the life cycle of a retrovirus any retrovirus what it does is to make its way
into a cell by fusing to the surface so you see the the very very basic cartoon is that this
comes from somewhere outside of you and then does this and the only bamboozlement that needs to be
here is that we don't do this none of our cells do this they only do it when they're forced to do
it by a retrovirus a much simpler more parsimonious and beautiful explanation would be
that our own body uses retroviruses and occasionally there are pathogenic
signals erroneous signals in this regime and our body is challenged to avoid that problem
has evolved to avoid that problem but if you intramuscularly inject retroviruses from another
species you might have some problems but of course that's not here this has nothing to do with how
do the retroviruses get in these people that's just from gasex and needles
special needles right needles with vaccines in them i think but anyway
this is it this is it right here this is the the start of the cartoon show
this is a cell and popping the core of the virus into the cell itself there that core
acts as an enzyme to make a DNA copy of the RNA in the virus that in turn integrates itself
great question pamela what if exposure to a chemical or a toxin causes this signal to become
pathogenic that's totally plausible but we're not gonna we're not going to spend one dime of
grant money we're not going to write one grant call about that or we're not going to fund one
grant application that would propose to study that of course not of forming what's called the
pro virus and the pro virus then acts as a template to make proteins or to make RNA to make proteins
and those proteins come together to form new virus particles that bud out from the surface of
the cell and become a free living virus looking for a new potential host it's a very interesting
life cycle because the virus is actually finding its way into the chromosomes of the cell turning
itself from a free living virus into genes of the cell and that is a unique and remarkable way of
the virus hiding out allowing its transmission from one cell to the next cell he wants you to
believe that only viruses can do that we don't have any machinery that might for example be
able to take a gene from one T cell and send it to another T cell that would never happen
that's ridiculous we wouldn't even want to ask that question it couldn't be that the 30 odd
independent cell types in the immune system communicate with a wide variety of RNA viruses
and also retro but that would be ridiculous it wouldn't it would be ridiculous to think that
any of our healthy tissues would communicate with retro viruses or with with RNA by that would be
insane the Baltimore classification system says that the tools necessary for retroviral activity
are exclusively outside of us are exclusively viral just like the tools for RNA exosomes are
exclusively outside of us they are the monopoly is held by RNA viruses it's just a magnificent
it's a magnificent mythology so the next cell without the virus having to do anything because
every time the cell duplicates it duplicates the pro-viral DNA here it is budding off the surface
of a cell and so let me just talk for a minute about how awful the AIDS epidemic has been
how powerful HIV has been this these are statistics from 2005 and I put them in here because that
was sort of the peak of the epidemic by that time 65 million people had been infected all around
the world the bulk in Africa there were 25 million who had been killed by the virus 40 million people
were living with HIV many in India many in China but so let's make sure we understand that these
are all estimates they are not that they tested millions of people and confirmed that they had
antibodies to AIDS keep that in mind the bulk in in Africa there were at that time 13,000 infections
per day for five million people infected every year it was a really devastating epidemic for
the world now if we look at it now or at 2015 when the last statistics were available
we see is a epidemic that is waning some but still really serious so by now 75 million people have
been infected 35 million have been killed and there are still on the order of 40 million people
living with AIDS I've shown the 2005 numbers in parentheses but there are now as opposed to 2005
18 million people on anti-retrovirals chemicals that prevent the growth of retroviral of retrovirus
I should have like a cha-ching sound for that like not the ding but like you know a cash register
sound there and those people are largely very healthy and are also not transmitting virus
because the virus has been knocked down so effectively and that's part of the reason why
transmissions are down so the number of infections is now about 50% of what it was
the number dying is only 30% of what it was and these retrovir anti-retrovirals are making
all the difference but they're extremely expensive even expensive in Africa although much cheaper
than here they're there why would they be cheaper in Africa that's so odd that's just sad I don't
know what to say and it's increasing the lifespan of people who are infected it's lowering the
infection rates but it's not clear that it is the final answer final answer would be to make a
vaccine that could prevent the transmission of of HIV and we many many other people in the
community are working on finding a way to vaccinate people but this virus as opposed to
any other virus has been recalcitrant to our attempts to make a a vaccine
so HIV is the classic non-equilibrium virus it's as I say endemic and African monkeys
it got a foothold in the human populations maybe 90 years ago for a long time it was
found only in villages in Africa then as as transportation became more and more it's weird
that Luke Montignet doesn't agree with the idea that you know you didn't really need to give
them retrovirus you need to give them clean water and nutrition it's very funny very very funny
this is not so cut and dry and don't forget how many people died on weird airplanes that
knew us stuff about AIDS like all of the Dutch experts in HIV died on one airplane that flew
over the Ukraine and got shot remember that that's not that's not random there was also
an AIDS expert in Canada who died a rather weird death that I think Mark Koolack could
tell you a little bit about there's even a lady who worked for him that also had like a three
antibody cocktail that was working really well that that somehow just disappeared right before
the beginning of the pandemic there's a lot of interesting things out there that are omitted
from the big story that there's double-stranded DNA in the shots and we should get mad about it
commonly used to take people from one continent to another it's seeded the other continents
and became a worldwide epidemic it grows in one of the key cell types of our immune system and so
it actually knocks out our immune systems and that's what why it's a lethal virus and this is I think
the main argument that I would use to say that it's very unlikely that our T cells would be vulnerable
to retroviruses unless they used them unless retroviruses were part of the normal T cell signal
and then we expose them to related retroviruses from related species and then that path that
that's pathogenic that I can believe that causing some kind of semi-transmissible
symptomology disruption of the immune system I totally can understand that that's possible
it's possible especially if those aberrant signals end up expressing inside of that
host immune system and throw the whole thing off that signal could be a contaminating signal if
you're if you share blood I don't see why not because again we're talking about a retrovirus so if
if those retrovirus signals are specifically a mechanism by which one T cell can amplify a
genetic signal and many other T cells well that's a pretty powerful way to regulate the immune system
that if you just you know haphazardly exposed it to other related T cell signals from another
species you can permanently screw up the signaling of someone's immune system so much so that maybe
their immune system could screw up the immune system with somebody else's I don't know
but the idea that these retroviruses exist separate from us and are capable of sneaking in
and doing things to T cells that they don't already have the machinery for doesn't make any sense
you can't make a cuckoo clock make toast you can't make a T cell make retroviruses when it
doesn't already use retroviruses for something else that just doesn't make biological sense to me
when it makes a lot more sense that that would be a vulnerability given intramuscular injection
of certain combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system being dumb
another reason why I don't think they want to go back to that general statement ever why none of
these cowards that that claim to be arguing with me or debunking me will address the main messages
of this stream because the main messages are untouchable transfection is criminally negligent
in healthy humans RNA cannot pandemic an intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is just as dumb as it seems
we die of some infection not of HIV infection
isn't that another argument to say that wow so then why don't we get cancer when we have AIDS
why doesn't cancer go bananas when we have AIDS maybe because the T cells aren't really wiped out
they're down regulated because it's a signal that they kind of understand and afterwards you see
it's just it's not the same thing as a pathogen
and with that I finished with this discussion of viruses and of HIV
and there it is I saw I didn't even know it was gonna end I just finished the discussion of HIV
and viruses are you sold watch the first part from yesterday are you sold I don't think I am I
mean it's really it's really very extraordinary where we are because that is the extent to which
that's the extent to which we are expected to accept this stuff we are we are intended to accept
it at face value there's the Baltimore classification system those enzymes are not found in you you
just have a very simple pathway from DNA to RNA to through a ribosome to proteins and that can go
wrong and it can be prions and that's it there's nothing more to understand because all the other
special ways the DNA and RNA and proteins can come to exist are all monopolized by the scheme of
viruses called the Baltimore classification system I'm really convinced that this is not right I'm
really really convinced that this is not right and that was not how I was supposed to do those buttons
I think that the principle of informed consent requires understanding and I don't think they've
allowed us to understand what's going on I think that they have been manipulating us since the
before the pandemic since the early 20s as Edward Bernays so nicely revealed I think that what they
have done is tricked us into solving a mystery about a bad cave or a gain a function virus and
by doing so we've accepted that a novel virus is responsible for all these excess deaths and
all this suffering and all these bad decisions when in reality that mystery was the operation
that mystery solving exercise that eventually became from a cartoon to the the the CBS and PBS
NewsHour that was the operation that was the mystery solving operation that got you to accept
that there was a novel virus that killed millions of people and it's that that they are lying about
they are lying about it because when in reality it wasn't a novel virus but it was novel protocols
it was feared uncertainty and doubt it was do not resuscitate orders it was encouraging people to
use pulse oximeters that were sold on Amazon as an indication of whether or not they had the novel
virus they were the use of ventilators to stop spread the lack of antibiotic use because you know
viral pneumonia doesn't respond to it the use of the poor use of steroids the use of remdesivir
and medazolam to confuse and kill the opioid deaths that were allowed to go crazy and to flood
our streets with these drugs and not care and all to drive up the all-cause mortality so that
they could point to it on TV as being the novel virus and anything that that was misconstrued as
not being the virus would be said to be the rush or the lockdown or the crisis or the mistakes that
we made and not have anything to do with the financial incentives that caused the fraud in the first
place never to do a tracking trace and masks and closures it all implied a danger that wasn't
there not about the molecular fraud that took place around the world to indicate the spread
that was probably just a hot background or a combination of a hot background and bad specificity
we're supposed to exclusively focus now on the botched response and the botched countermeasures
and that's what these people's job was that's why they've been touring the world for three or four
years that's why they've been giving all these talks with the same people traveling with the
same groups that always seem to be organized by Robert Malone all the time every guest list is
the Robert Malone guest list and the only time they ever invented ever invited
Daddy Rancor was to Romania where no one would hear it no one would see it and they could control
the response and so when they came back from Romania they told everybody that wow Daddy Rancor
smart he seems to think that 17 million people were hurt by the shot and they completely ignore
that Denny Rancor also said that there's no evidence of a spreading risk additive pathogen
which means there was no pandemic they lied about it and after that months and months later
they came in front of the Senate and still told the exact same story these people who wrote a
wrote blog posts about Denny Rancor's data about the shot and ignored his data about the lack of
spread are still ignoring the data that shows there's no spreading pathogen in New York or
anywhere else they are ignoring the dominance of protocols and murder and fraud and misleading
numbers and they are exclusively focused on the novel virus that killed millions of people and
the spot response to it being a mistake so that you will accept that RNA can pandemic that you
will tell that story to your kids and you will tell the story that transfection was rushed but it
kind of worked and so i'm assuming that this RSV vaccine or this flu vaccine that they want to
give you to get on a college campus it probably works the reality is is that transfection was
always criminally negligent and it remains so and the reality is is that RNA can't pandemic
and infectious clones the methodology that's used to create RNA virology as a field in the first place
explains how the lie was created and why they had to have so many aspects of the lie around the
world in order to get away with it the lie has been codified in books one of which i participated
in writing but if you look at all of the quotes that i have in that book you will find that this
truth is revealed that they lied about it that they didn't need a virus that they never needed a
virus they always knew it wouldn't work that's the reality they lied about it
they kidnapped our kids and they lied about it they have had a teamwork case scenario in place
since the very beginning to make sure that we would never question the right things and that's
why this stream is so important that's why this hypothesis is so important because i think they
lied about the molecular biology in very understandable and explainable ways using very
understandable and explainable methodologies to confound a background signal into a spreading
novel pathogen that they knew was not there and if it was there it was there and placed by them
using an infectious clone they've had this plan to invert our sovereignty for quite some time
just very aggressively gone for it so ladies and gentlemen this is for all the marbles thank you
very much for joining me if you want to share this stream or subscribe you can go to giggleandbiological.com
i will probably not be on this afternoon again but i will definitely be on tomorrow at 10 10 in
the morning thank you very much for joining me this has been giggle and biological a high resistance
low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
it is it totally is sound like cause list it's right
i'll show you it is totally is going back there it is right there pulse oximeters and O2 you see
right there i even have it in different uh different print because it's a new edition it's
definitely there see it love you guys thanks a lot see you tomorrow
yeah it is the lawn lore stream i apologize i think my woman started lowering if she likes to
m all alone
You